GraalVM samples and perf tests for Storage (#27155)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/aot/azure-aot-graalvm-samples/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.0.0-beta.1 (Unreleased)

> Version 1.0.0-beta.1 is a preview of our efforts in creating a client library for Azure GraalVM Support that is
> developer-friendly, idiomatic to the Java ecosystem, and as consistent across different languages and platforms as
> possible. The principles that guide our efforts can be found in the
> [Azure SDK Design Guidelines for Java](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/java_introduction.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 1.0.0-beta.1 is a first preview release of sample code that demonstrates many common scenarios, and their ability to be executed as native images using GraalVM native image compilation.
```
